before you automaton that's how you see
12 possible beverage choices
accordingly, now let's see what
is inside what technical
the characteristics of his turning so immediately
see pipes with cups there
600 cups are placed on the order of 600
Six hundred such stir here or
we open the container for the grain
coffee is placed on the order of 6 kilograms and
three soluble containers
vanilla chocolate milk ingredients can
to drive replace let's say tea
accordingly, who wants to do against
auto sailor is different from new only
so that here in this compartment
an additional container appears for
soluble ingredient and it turns out 16
drinks and not 12 as here in this machine
growth is also possible to eliminate
refrigeration module and monitor so models
practically andy teach-in ethical look
waste bucket accordingly this
float two water canisters
installed in each 19 liters then
there is a capacity of about 38 liters of water
allowing for quite a long time
battery life
so we look at the payment systems
so here is a bill acceptor
calculated on about 600 bills given
payment that is connected to the modem
we are standing here here is an opportunity
connect the flash drive further
programming so on
coin acceptor accepts but
accordingly, what is written here
teeth corresponds to which denomination
coin take fives tens and rubles
that's all so to say when
the coin acceptor is filling up like this
see here he further sends coins
here in such
boxes we close the box further then
management really see there here
respectively, the antenna is an antenna
modems that strengthen so to speak
modem signal which is here
SIM card inserted here so on
let's see we see that 4 functional
operator technician buttons washing test
in case of eliminating any non
oddities or changed porn prices
grams and so on we use
operators technique to enter the test
mode to try and drink without
making the sum we use the test and
washing it for a functional test
We use these prices here, it's just
pictures that in any which in any
the moment can be replaced just here
replacing with other relevant yours
price so automatic gives change here
sugar in the choice of meme more less
takes tens of 50 rubles 100 rubles
it is possible to take 500 and 1000 but not
advises for so how can the machine
used just for exchange here
in the delivery tray
automatons highlighted in principle
power consumption is not much because
what is used
not incandescent lamp
just LEDs so when high
load on the day of consumption of order 2
kilowatt where there is not very much so
what else to say so here is a container for
sugars respectively also here
used professional coffee grinder
which the
respectively, the streets are so real
professional coffee beans
okay equipment so we'll close
him
so says this machine makes
meters eighty thousand pretty
big by 70 centimeters and 80
centimeters respectively weight about
150 pounds so solid that
seen immediately not to lose in the crowd
actually all